https://aiweb.cs.washington.edu/research/projects/xmltk/xmldata/data/auctions/321gone.xml
https://aiweb.cs.washington.edu/research/projects/xmltk/xmldata/data/auctions/ebay.xml
https://aiweb.cs.washington.edu/research/projects/xmltk/xmldata/data/auctions/ubid.xml
https://aiweb.cs.washington.edu/research/projects/xmltk/xmldata/data/auctions/yahoo.xml
https://aiweb.cs.washington.edu/research/projects/xmltk/xmldata/data/courses/reed.xml
https://aiweb.cs.washington.edu/research/projects/xmltk/xmldata/data/tpc-h/nation.xml
https://aiweb.cs.washington.edu/research/projects/xmltk/xmldata/data/tpc-h/region.xml
https://aiweb.cs.washington.edu/research/projects/xmltk/xmldata/data/tpc-h/supplier.xml
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b3/20_Ponted_Cross_Graph.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/Inuktitut.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/Howtodraw-fish-drawing-3_nevit_070.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/External-link-04-bold-shade-14x14.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d4/EFF_version_of_NSA_logo_SVG.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/04/E-cig_horizontal_576x324.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/62/Diagram_of_zeta_potential_and_slipping_plane.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/88/Cheval_islandais_tolt_silouette-morfo-arti-crins_Tete-Gauche_blanc_1080x780_V1-00.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/70/Broken_Heart_symbol.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/Bread_and_wine.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a3/Bouquet_of_3_Roses.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e1/Boucle_comby.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/73/Avionmaldibujado.svg
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/ba/Alien_Spaceship_-_SVG_Vector.svg
https://web.archive.org/web/20180830034134/https://openclipart.org/download/305822/1535586869.svg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/charents/iso-num.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/elements/guimenu/refentry.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/elements/itermset/reference.u.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/elements/keycombo/refentry.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/elements/keysym/reference.e.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/elements/lineannotation/refentry.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/elements/preface/reference.u.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/elements/refsect2info/refentry.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/elements/refsect2/reference.u.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/elements/sectioninfo/refentry.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/elements/sidebar/example.1.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/elements/subject/reference.u.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/elements/thead/refentry.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/defguide/refpages/paraments/content.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/publishers/src/ch01.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/refpages/elements/areaspec.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/refpages/elements/html.button.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/refpages/elements/html.col.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/refpages/elements/html.tbody.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/docbook/defguide/docbook-5.1/en/refpages/elements/ws.summary.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Allscripts Samples/Enterprise EHR/b2 Adam Everyman ToC.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Allscripts Samples/Internal Test with MU 2 data/170.314B1_Amb_SummaryOfCare.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Allscripts Samples/Internal Test with MU 2 data/170.314(b)(1)InPt_Discharge Summary CED Type.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Allscripts Samples/Internal Test with MU 2 data/170.314B2_Amb_CCD.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Allscripts Samples/Internal Test with MU 2 data/170.314B2_Amb_SummaryOfCare.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Allscripts Samples/Professional EHR/dataport_Ambulatory.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Allscripts Samples/Professional EHR/Encounter Based C-CDA CCD - 08-06-2012 [Jones, Isabella - 170314E2].xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Allscripts Samples/Sunrise Clinical Manager/C-CDA_101646_20130617114506_Everyman_Adam.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Allscripts Samples/Sunrise Clinical Manager/C-CDA_101693_20130617091427_Kidd_Kari CCDA.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Allscripts Samples/Sunrise Clinical Manager/C-CDA_101693_20130617120344_Kidd_Kari CCDA_TOCAMB.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Allscripts Samples/Sunrise Clinical Manager/C-CDA_101693_20130617120425_Kidd_Kari CCDA_TOCINPT.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Allscripts Samples/Sunrise Clinical Manager/C-CDA_101822_20130617114349_Williams_John.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/CDA.xsl
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Cerner Samples/problems-and-medications.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Cerner Samples/Transition_of_Care_Referral_Summary.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/EMERGE/Patient-121.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/EMERGE/Patient-2.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/EMERGE/Patient-349.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/EMERGE/Patient-485.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/EMERGE/Patient-65.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Greenway Samples/26562_ExportSummary_CCDA.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Greenway Samples/26775_ExportSummary_CCDA.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Greenway Samples/26789_ClinicalVisitSummary_CCDA.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Greenway Samples/26840_ExportSummary_CCDA.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Greenway Samples/26933_ExportSummary_CCDA.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/HL7 Samples/DIR.sample.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/HL7 Samples/HandP.sample.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/HL7 Samples/OpNote.sample.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/HL7 Samples/Procedure_Note.sample.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/HL7 Samples/UD.sample.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Kareo Samples/Kareo_SummaryOfCare_export_Joey_Miller.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Kinsights Samples/kinsights-sample-timmy.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/mTuitive OpNote Samples/breast surgery.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/mTuitive OpNote Samples/colonoscopy.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/mTuitive OpNote Samples/Content/xsl/cda.xsl
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/mTuitive OpNote Samples/hernia.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/mTuitive OpNote Samples/knee.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/NIST Samples/CCDA_CCD_b1_Ambulatory_v2.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/NIST Samples/CCDA_CCD_b1_InPatient_v2.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Partners HealthCare/LMR1TEST.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Partners HealthCare/LMR2TEST.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Partners HealthCare/LMR3TEST.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Partners HealthCare/LMR4TEST.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Partners HealthCare/LMR5TEST.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Partners HealthCare/partners.ccda.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/PracticeFusion Samples/AdamEveryman-ReferralSummary.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/PracticeFusion Samples/IsabellaJones-ReferralSummary.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/PracticeFusion Samples/MaryGrant-ClinicalSummary.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Transitions of Care Samples/ToC_CCDA_CCD_CompGuideSample_FullXML.xml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmandel/sample_ccdas/master/Vitera/Vitera_CCDA_SMART_Sample.xml
